troubleshooting: Add instructions for enabling kdump (#198)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/debugging-kernel-crashes.adoc

> = Enabling kdump to debug kernel crashes

Reviewer: WDYT about rewording this as "Debugging kernel crashes using kdump" so that the title matches the title of the menu item more closely?

. Memory must be reserved for the crash kernel during booting of the first kernel. Kernel arguments can be provided like this:
+
[source, bash]
----

> sudo rpm-ostree kargs --append='crashkernel=256M'

Reviewer 2: The doc suggests 128, maybe we should keep that 'default'? Unless there is a reason fcos needs more memory.

https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/How_to_use_kdump_to_debug_kernel_crashes

Author: Based off of a local qemu build of the current `testing-devel`, it seems like 128M does not work.

----
xref:kernel-args.adoc[More information] on how to modify kargs via `rpm-ostree`.

> . Make sure the path in which the vmcore will be saved is somewhere in the `/var` directory of the FCOS stateroot. It is also possible to write the dump over the network; for additional information, consult the mkdumprd man page and the comments in /etc/kdump.conf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Make sure the path in which the vmcore will be saved is somewhere in the `/var` directory of the FCOS stateroot. It is also possible to write the dump over the network; for additional information, see `mkdumprd(8)` and the comments in `/etc/kdump.conf`.
```

+
[source, bash]
----

> sed -i "s/^path.*/path \/sysroot\/ostree\/deploy\/fedora-coreos\/var\/crash/" /etc/kdump.conf

Reviewer: Why can't we just use `/var/crash`?

Author: hmm you're right. I just tested and it seems like the default `/var/crash` seems to have no problems. I don't remember why I thought we had to modify it.

----

. Enable the kdump systemd service. 
+
[source, bash]
----
sudo systemctl enable kdump.service
----

. Reboot your system.
+
[source, bash]
----
sudo systemctl reboot
----

> TIP: For additional information on how to test that kdump is properly armed and how to analyze the dump, refer to the https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/How_to_use_kdump_to_debug_kernel_crashes[kdump documentation for Fedora].

Reviewer 3: Should we also link to https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/admin-guide/kdump/kdump.html?

= Enabling kdump to debug kernel crashes

> . First, install `kexec-tools` using `rpm-ostree`.

Reviewer 4: Since we're using an enumerated list, First/Next/Finally are redundant.

[source, bash]
+
----
sudo rpm-ostree install kexec-tools
----

. Next, memory must be reserved for the crash kernel during booting of the first kernel. Kernel arguments can be provided like this:
+
[source, bash]
----
sudo rpm-ostree kargs --append='crashkernel=256M'
----

. Next, make sure the path in which the vmcore will be saved is somewhere in the `/var` directory of the FCOS stateroot. It is also possible to write the dump over the network; for additional information, consult the mkdumprd man page and the comments in /etc/kdump.conf.
+
[source, bash]
----

> sed -i "s/^path.*/path \/sysroot\/ostree\/deploy\/fedora-coreos\/var\/crash/" /etc/kdump.conf

Reviewer 5: That...looks like a bug?

----

. Next, reboot your system.
+

. Finally, enable and activate the kdump systemd service. 
+
[source, bash]
----

> sudo systemctl enable kdump.service --now

Reviewer 5: This is OK but I think it'd be better to do it *before* the reboot (then you don't need `--now`, but it also doesn't hurt).

Author: Oh I remember why I put this here: if this were done earlier, `kexec-tools` wouldn't be layered on the system yet.

= Enabling kdump to debug kernel crashes

. If `kexec-tools` is not present on the system, install `kexec-tools` using `rpm-ostree`, and reboot as needed.
[source, bash]
+
----
sudo rpm-ostree install kexec-tools
sudo systemctl reboot

> ----

Reviewer: I think we can drop this now that we're planning to ship `kexec-tools` in-tree.

Author: What about for users that didn't update? But I guess everyone knows how to do an `rpm-ostree install` :)

Reviewer: I think in general the docs assume that the user is at least at the latest stable release. But yeah, on that note we should hold this PR until https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-config/pull/708 actually makes it to the stable stream.

. Memory must be reserved for the crash kernel during booting of the first kernel. Kernel arguments can be provided like this:
+
[source, bash]
----
sudo rpm-ostree kargs --append='crashkernel=256M'
----

> xref:kernel-args.adoc[More information] on how to modify kargs via `rpm-ostree`.

Author: Link to the page in #199 added.
